Objective 1
Profile & explore the data
Your first objective is to import the data and explore relationships between the features and target variable.
Tasks:
1. Import the “Bank_Churn.csv” file and set an appropriate data type for each column.
2. Check for missing values and calculate the min, max, and mean for numeric columns.
3. Build a scatterplot matrix to find relationships between all pairs of numeric columns.
4. Build box plots for each numeric column broken out by the target variable, “Exited”.
5. Build bar charts that show the percentage of “Exited” by category for each categorical column.

Objective 2
Prepare the data for modeling
Your second objective is to prepare the data for modeling through feature selection, feature engineering, and data splitting.
Tasks:
1. Drop columns that aren’t suitable for modeling from the dataset.
2. Create a new column, “balance_to_income”, by dividing “Balance” by “EstimatedSalary”.
3. Create a new column, “income_v_products”, by dividing “EstimatedSalary” by “NumOfProducts”.
4. Create dummy variables for categorical columns.
5. Split the data into train and test sets, with 20% of the rows in the test set.

Objective 3
Build & evaluate a logistic regression model
Your third objective is to fit a logistic regression model and evaluate it by using a confusion matrix, ROC curve, and precision & recall.
Tasks:
1. Fit a logistic regression model on your training data.
2. Build a confusion matrix to evaluate your model.
3. Calculate accuracy, precision, recall, and F1 for your test data.
4. Plot an ROC curve and calculate the AUC statistic.
5. Plot precision and recall against the model threshold (set the threshold to the value where recall is the highest, but precision is still above 50%).

Objective 4
Fit & tune a random forest model
Your final objective is to fit a random forest model, tune it using cross validation, and evaluate test accuracy, AUC score, and feature importance.
Tasks:
1. Fit a random forest model with default hyperparameters.
2. Use cross validation to tune your model's hyperparameters.
3. Report the final test accuracy and AUC score.
4. Build a bar chart that shows feature importance.
