Objective 1
Import & QA the data
Your first objective is to import & join two customer data tables, then remove duplicate rows & columns and fill in missing values.
Task
1. Import the data from both tabs in the "Bank_Churn_Messy" Excel file.
2. Use a left join to join "Account_Info" to "Customer_Info" using the CustomerID column.
3. Check for and remove duplicate rows and columns.

Objective 2
Clean the data
Your second objective is to clean the data by fixing inconsistencies in labeling, handling erroneous values, and fixing currency fields.
Task
1. Check the data types for each column and make any necessary fixes.
2. Replace missing values in categorical columns with "MISSING", and missing values in numeric columns with the median.
3. Profile the numeric columns in the data. Are there any extreme or non-sensical values? If so, impute them with the median of the column.
4. Combine any variations in country names in the "Geography" column to a single value per country.

Objective 3
Explore the data
Your third objective is to explore the target variable and look at feature-target relationships for categorical and numeric fields.
Task
1. Build a bar chart displaying the count of churners (Exited=1) vs. non-churners (Exited=0).
2. Explore the categorical variables vs. the target, and look at the percentage of Churners by “Geography” and “Gender”.
3. Build box plots for each numeric field, broken out by churners vs. non-churners.
4. Build histograms for each numeric field, broken out by churners vs. non-churners.

Objective 4
Prepare the data for modeling
Your final objective is to prepare the data for modeling through feature selection, feature engineering, and data splitting.
Task
1. Create a new dataset that excludes any columns that aren’t be suitable for modeling.
2. Create dummy variables for categorical fields.
3. Create a new “balance_v_income” feature, which divides a customer’s bank balance by their estimated salary, then visualize that feature vs. churn status.